hello welcome to the team work worker
I'm Alex and this is my shop and today
we're making a very simple wooden box
during the making of this video we will
be using several simple techniques
nothing too complex or expensive so then
I'm going to start by measuring and
cutting the four sides of the base sig
outline of the box right I've got all my
stock to lend these two or twenty two
centimeters by six centimeters and these
two are six centimeters by 15
centimeters but you can work this out in
inches if that you prefer right I'm now
going to matter all the ends making sure
that they are on 45 degrees exactly oh
my ok I'm I just got all the young might
as if you can see that and now I'm just
going to make sure that I'm they all fit
together perfectly so they look it
doesn't matter if they're not quite the
original dimension as long as these two
sides met these two sides machen sies
you can see that what I've got it now
have to do is to give everything a quick
sand and assuring that we're going to be
doing just like you're standing and
taking off any rubbish is ok um I've
just done everything just a splash than
exactly 45 degrees and i'm now going to
spread glue evenly a lot of the joints
make sure that it's all nicely i'm even
with a just it's actually a wallpaper
roller i'm using it's got a bit of tape
over and i'm going to apply glue to both
the joints
for this some glue up i'm using am Mike
lamb so that when it all comes together
I know that these joints are exactly 40
up 90 degrees just makes everything a
lot easier about using the square to
keep everything nice and flat I don't
want to put too much pressure on the
joints just enough distance keep it all
together to run the blow up obviously
you can use any clamping method you want
so this is the method I found what's the
best for me so once I've done these two
joys I'm then going to go over to UM the
other two drawings by taking the cramps
off once the first clough is dry taking
the clamps off and just reapplying some
glue onto the new joint and clamping up
again okay I'm months left now to do is
I'm clean up squeeze out and on once
I've done that and I could know then
it's all ready to do the second client
public I hope this video has been
informative um I've being on the team
woodworker and I hope you join me in my
next video in part two to find out how
to put the base and the lid onto this
this son box